---
layout: default
title: Version 13.2.0 
parent: Release Notes
permalink: /docs/release-notes/2023/13.2.0/
nav_order: 77
---

# 13.2.0

{: .no_toc }

---

### New Functionality

##### SDK Menu
* Choose between cog, hamburger, and user icons for the settings / SDK menu button on the landing and search pages. 
<a href="/docs/ios/customisation/settings">iOS</a> | <a href="/docs/android/customisation/settings">Android</a>
* Additional links added to SDK menu on the landing page giving users access to the Manage Booking Portal, FAQ, and Help Center where available for SDK partners.

##### Booking Card Redesign
* The booking cards on the landing page have been redesigned and now include the booking status. This is synced with our manage booking portal so that users can see their booking status (Confirmed, Unconfirmed, Cancelled, Completed) at a glance when the SDK is launched. 
* Tapping a booking card now opens a new booking sheet which includes links to view more details of the booking or manage it on the customer portal. 

##### Enhancements
* Minor bug fixes and enhancements.

### CarTrawler SDK Footprint
The details below should be used as a guideline around SDK size related to release.
* Android - 5.13 MB
  * Framework size as referenced from AAR file released to artifactory (Further optimisations expected from integration).
* iOS - **13.3 MB to 27.3 MB**
    * Sizing guidelines based on <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler.github.io/blob/master/ios-report.txt" target="_blank">App Thinning Size Report</a> run from <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler-ios-integration" target="_blank">iOS Sample App</a>.
    * "Uncompressed" size refers to what would be added to the partner app size on App Store.
    * Supported variant descriptors refer to App Store optimization method to deliver a different package size for combinations with device/model/OS.