---
layout: default
title: Version 13.2.0
parent: iOS Release Notes
grand_parent: Release Notes
permalink: /docs/release-notes/ios/2023/13.2.0/
nav_order: 97
---

# New in version 13.2.0

{: .no_toc }

##### SDK Menu
* Additional links added to SDK menu on the landing page giving users access to the Manage Booking Portal, FAQ, and Help Center where available for partners.
* Choose between cog, hamburger, and user icons for the settings menu icon on the landing and search action bars.
  <a href="/docs/ios/customisation/settings">More details</a>

##### Booking Card Redesign
* The booking cards on the landing page have been redesigned and now include the booking status. This is synced with our manage booking portal so that users can see their booking status (Confirmed, Unconfirmed, Cancelled, Completed) at a glance when the SDK is started. 
* Tapping a booking card now opens a new booking sheet which includes links to view more details of the booking or manage it on the customer portal. 

##### Enhancements
* Bug fixes and improvements.

---
#### CarTrawler SDK Footprint
The details below should be used as a guideline around SDK size related to release.
* Footprint - 13.3 MB to 27.3 MB
    * Sizing guidelines based on <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler.github.io/blob/master/ios-report.txt" target="_blank">App Thinning Size Report</a> run from <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler-ios-integration" target="_blank">iOS Sample App</a>.
    * "Uncompressed" size refers to what would be added to the partner app size on App Store.
    * Supported variant descriptors refer to App Store optimization method to deliver a different package size for combinations with device/model/OS.