---
title: Version 10.12
position: 68
---
**Release notes**

**Note - Android:**: Minimum Android support for the Android SDK has moved from 4.4 to **Android 5/API 21.**

If your app supports versions prior to Android 5 it's suggested to wrap the sdk code within an if statement.

```kotlin
     if (currentSystemBuild > BuildNumber.Kitkat) { 
         // display cartrawler sdk 
     }
```
            
           

##### New Functionality
* Loyalty Banners (Landing Screen): We have now included Loyalty banner merchandising where applicable to Partner's programs on the Landing screen.


##### Modified
* Recent Searches (Redesign)
 ** Relocation: Customers can now see their recent searches on the Landing screen.
 ** Delete functionality: Customers can clear all their recent searches at once or swipe to delete them individually.
* Android: Updated Android support for the SDK from Android 4.4 to Android 5/API 21.
 

##### Fixed
* Minor bug fixes and design improvements.

##### Designs
* Designs: <a href="https://app.abstract.com/share/bc2e93ff-63bb-4002-a513-ec6a69c53be5?collectionId=09f00ab3-f8e6-4290-8a4e-da8a4d36a262&collectionLayerId=29d89044-14dd-47f3-afc5-e989dfd057c3&present=true&preview=false&sha=37b4e79021ad10244c8b6889ba1cbd926ebd349d" target="_blank">Recent Searches</a>
<style>
.responsive-wrap iframe{ max-width: 100%;}
</style>
<div class="responsive-wrap">
  <iframe src="https://app.abstract.com/embed/bc2e93ff-63bb-4002-a513-ec6a69c53be5" frameborder="0" width="960" height="569" allowfullscreen="true" mozallowfullscreen="true" webkitallowfullscreen="true"></iframe>
</div>
 
   
##### Sizing guidelines
The details below should be used as a guideline around SDK size related to release.
* Android - **3.53 MB**
  * Framework size as referenced from AAR file released to artifactory (Further optimisations expected from integration).
* iOS - **11.8 MB to 33.4 MB**
  * Sizing guidelines based on <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler.github.io/blob/master/ios-report.txt" target="_blank">App Thinning Size Report</a> run from <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler-ios-integration" target="_blank">iOS Sample App</a>.
  * "Uncompressed" size refers to what would be added to the partner app size on App Store.
  * Supported variant descriptors refer to App Store optimization method to deliver a different package size for combinations with device/model/OS.