---
title: Version 10.3
position: 77
---
**Release notes**

**Note - Android:** As of v10.2 we've migrated to "_Material.Bridge_". This is an in between step before fully migration to "Theme.MaterialComponents.*" in a near future release and will support backward compatibility currently for partners on later Material versions.

##### Modified
* Insurance: Updated designs for Axa Premium insurance card for Swiss residents.
  * Designs: <a href="https://app.abstract.com/share/9577fbb8-654e-42f6-a4b9-cd68064664da" target="_blank">AXA Swiss Residents</a>
* Payment screen: Updated designs and UX improvements to Payment screen and Payment form.
  * Designs: <a href="https://share.goabstract.com/550e486c-0db1-4cb1-81d0-9c5ca3fc4306" target="_blank">Payment screen updates</a>
* iOS 13 Modal component:  UX improvement to utilise full use of iOS 13 modal component through standalone and inpath flows.

##### Fixed
* Minor bug fixes and design improvements.
   * iOS & Android: Further Light theme improvements and minor design updates.
   
##### Sizing guidelines
The details below should be used as a guideline around SDK size related to release.
* Android - **2.95 MB**
  * Framework size as referenced from AAR file released to artifactory (Further optimisations expected from integration).
* iOS - **11.1 MB to 21.8 MB**
  * Sizing guidelines based on <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler.github.io/blob/master/ios-report.txt" target="_blank">App Thinning Size Report</a> run from <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler-ios-test-sdk" target="_blank">iOS Sample App</a>.
  * "Uncompressed" size refers to what would be added to the partner app size on App Store.
  * Supported variant descriptors refer to App Store optimization method to deliver a different package size for combinations with device/model/OS.
