---
title: Version 10.5
position: 75
---
**Release notes**

##### New Functionality
* Partner Loyalty Earn: Enabling customers to earn airline loyalty points with their car rental by supplying a partner loyalty program number with their rental booking. 
  * Note: Further enhancements to Loyalty functionality referenced in designs below to be included in upcoming v10.6.0 release.
  * Designs: <a href="https://app.abstract.com/share/7e9d4ead-1fc7-4c10-b815-fb278f245d41?collectionLayerId=0cf55ff7-6874-416a-b852-977b41aa78c9&mode=design&nonce=0cf55ff7-6874-416a-b852-977b41aa78c9&sha=7c979e67dc01eb2de9af8a5be2d59824f6b3ac0a" target="_blank">Partner Loyalty Earn</a>.


##### Modified
* Car Details: Improved UI/UX of the car details screen, rearranging the information currently on screen and including some information that is missing when compared to the search results.
  * Inclusion of Discount chip, Car Size, Supplier Rating, Loyalty Chip, Special Offer chip.
  * Repositioning of Price, Supplier Logo.
  * Designs: <a href="https://app.abstract.com/share/7e9d4ead-1fc7-4c10-b815-fb278f245d41?collectionLayerId=a6dc7f53-c6f3-468b-9764-d9b36f1da882&mode=design&nonce=a6dc7f53-c6f3-468b-9764-d9b36f1da882&sha=4e29eabe004198311fb9b11768a1dd72d0dbe181" target="_blank">UI/UX improvements to Car Details</a>.


##### Fixed
* Minor bug fixes and design improvements.
 
   
##### Sizing guidelines
The details below should be used as a guideline around SDK size related to release.
* Android - **3.08 MB**
  * Framework size as referenced from AAR file released to artifactory (Further optimisations expected from integration).
* iOS - **11.1 MB to 31.9 MB**
  * Sizing guidelines based on <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler.github.io/blob/master/ios-report.txt" target="_blank">App Thinning Size Report</a> run from <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler-ios-integration" target="_blank">iOS Sample App</a>.
  * "Uncompressed" size refers to what would be added to the partner app size on App Store.
  * Supported variant descriptors refer to App Store optimization method to deliver a different package size for combinations with device/model/OS.