---
title: Version 10.6
position: 74
---
**Release notes**

##### New Functionality
* Further Partner Loyalty Earn features: Enabling customers to earn partner loyalty points with their car rental by supplying a partner loyalty program number with their rental booking.
  * Designs: <a href="https://share.goabstract.com/7e9d4ead-1fc7-4c10-b815-fb278f245d41?collectionLayerId=ae5bdf72-31ab-43bf-8d5f-89e7b7514530&mode=design&present=true" target="_blank">Partner Loyalty Earn</a> .
  * Theming: Enabling customers to customise loyalty component colours. Please refer to <a href="https://cartrawler.github.io/#section_style_guideloyalty" target="_blank">loyalty style guide</a> for further details.
  * Data validation: Enabled customers to send a regular expression to validate loyalty number field in driver details screen.
  * Data layer: For inPath the loyalty data of the selected car will be returned in the callback object.  

##### Modified
* **iOS:** 
    * Added object CTLoyalty to CTInPathVehicle.
    * Added property "loyaltyRegex" to CTContext object.
    

* **Android:**
    * Added object Loyalty to TripDetails.
    * Added method setLoyaltyRegex to builder initialisation.
    

##### Fixed
* Minor bug fixes and design improvements.
 
   
##### Sizing guidelines
The details below should be used as a guideline around SDK size related to release.
* Android - **3.09 MB**
  * Framework size as referenced from AAR file released to artifactory (Further optimisations expected from integration).
* iOS - **11.1 MB to 31.9 MB**
  * Sizing guidelines based on <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler.github.io/blob/master/ios-report.txt" target="_blank">App Thinning Size Report</a> run from <a href="https://github.com/cartrawler/cartrawler-ios-integration" target="_blank">iOS Sample App</a>.
  * "Uncompressed" size refers to what would be added to the partner app size on App Store.
  * Supported variant descriptors refer to App Store optimization method to deliver a different package size for combinations with device/model/OS.